Improve Contribute page (#398)
OSGeo/grass-website: content/contribute/_index.en.md

The GRASS Development Team is continuously seeking translators.

This is an opportunity to contribute even for non-programmers since messages can be easily translated in a user friendly platform. 
**No programming skills required!**

To contribute, sign in into [**weblate**](https://weblate.osgeo.org/), pick the GRASS GIS project and start
translating. The interface is really simple to use and all the changes you make will be automatically
sent as a pull request to the [GRASS GIS repository](https://github.com/OSGeo/grass).
Please also subscribe to the dedicated [mailing list](https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-translations)
and check the [translation glossary](https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/GRASS_Translation_Glossary) for agreed
terminology in different languages.

### Create an Addon
<i class="fa fa-plug fa-9x" style="float:left;padding-right:15px"></i>
Developing your own tools? Great!

Please upload your addons to the **GRASS GIS Addons repository**. In this way, they become available to the community
through the extension manager (g.extension or graphical user interface). 

> Here is the full list of [existing addons](/grass7/manuals/addons/) to get inspired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the full list of [existing addons](/grass-stable/manuals/addons/) to get inspired.
```

### Contribute to GRASS GIS core
<i class="fa fa-gear fa-11x" style="float:right;padding-left:10px"></i>
The GRASS GIS core consists of libraries, tools and the Graphic User Interface.
A good starting point is supporting us with [bug fixing and enhancement wishes](https://github.com/OSGeo/grass/issues).
Review these [resources](/contribute/development) to learn how to develop and contribute code effectively.
Feel free to announce your planned development to the [GRASS developers mailing list](https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-dev), someone may join you or give you feedback.

For **paid opportunities** to develop code for GRASS GIS, check out our [stipend program](https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Student_Grants) for students

> and [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com) program for students and open source beginners with our [list of ideas](https://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/GSoC) .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com) program for students and open source beginners with our [list of ideas](https://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/GSoC).
```
